W-19147625-First-pull-request-sis (#2966)
mulesoft/docs-connectors: sftp/3.0/modules/ROOT/pages/sftp-documentation.adoc

:page-aliases: connectors::sftp/sftp-documentation.adoc

Anypoint Connector for SFTP (SFTP Connector) provides access to files and folders on a SFTP server.

Release Notes: xref:release-notes::connector/connector-sftp.adoc[SFTP Connector Release Notes]

[NOTE]
PPK (Private Key) file does not support identity file for SFTP Connector.

== Configurations
---
[[config]]
=== Default Configuration

==== Parameters
[%header,cols="20s,20a,35a,20a,5a"]
|===
| Name | Type | Description | Default Value | Required
|Name | String | The name for this configuration. Connectors reference the configuration with this name. | | x
| Connection a| <<config_connection, SFTP Connection>>
 | The connection types to provide to this configuration. | | x
| Time Between Size Check a| Number |  Wait time between size checks to determine if a file is ready to read. This allows a file write to complete before processing. If no value is provided, the check will not be performed. When enabled, Mule waits the specified time between calls and performs two size checks. If both checks return the same value, the file is ready to read. This attribute works in tandem with *Time Between Size Check Unit*. |  |

> | SFTP Mule Parameter| String | This is a new parameter | 100 | X

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| SFTP Mule Parameter| String | This is a new parameter for the onboarding | 200 | X
```
